docs: refactor documentation to be inline with the new version (#155)
wolfenrain/fluttium: docs/docs/why-fluttium.md

description: Fluttium focuses on the real user, the tests a developer writes with Fluttium are a direct representation of the actions that an user of an application would perform.
---

# 💭 Why Fluttium

There are quite a few app automation frameworks out there like [Appium](https://appium.io)

> and [Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev), some are even dedicated to specific platforms, like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [Maestro](https://maestro.mobile.dev). Some are even dedicated to specific platforms, like
```

Thankfully the Flutter community has already created a beautiful set of tools to fill in the gap of
end-to-end testing in Flutter. Tools like [Patrol](https://patrol.leancode.co/) and
[Honey](https://honey.dev/) allow Flutter developers to easily write end-to-end tests

> for their applications. But these tools have one thing in common, the tests written by a developer
> does not have to directly reflect how a real user would use an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for their applications. But these tools have one thing in common: the tests written by a developer
may not directly reflect how a real user would use an application.
```

> Fluttium focuses on the real user, the tests a developer writes with Fluttium are a direct
> representation of the actions that an user of an application would perform. Fluttium exposes a set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluttium focuses on the end user. The tests a developer writes with Fluttium are a direct
representation of the actions that a user of an application would perform. Fluttium exposes a set
```

of actions that a developer can use to write a user flow test. Developers can also define their own custom actions if needed.

> These user flow tests are powered by the semantic tree of the Flutter application, this allows
> Fluttium to fully act like the real user and execution actions. Fluttium optimizes these actions as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These user flow tests are powered by the semantic tree of the Flutter application. This allows
Fluttium to fully act like the real user and execute actions. Fluttium optimizes these actions as
```
